♪
(flies buzzing)
Owen: Good boy, Pippin.
Bring it back.
- (dog barking)
- Owen: Here.
(dog barking)
Go get it.
Good boy, Pippin.
Come on.
Bring it back.
Here.
Drop it.
Good boy.
All right.
- (dog barking)
- Ready, Pip?
- (fly buzzing)
- Good boy!
Bring it back, Pip!
- (dog barking)
- Owen: Ready?
Come on.
Go get it.
♪
Owen: Here!
Come on.
Drop it.
Mom, where'd you want
the board games?
Jess (Mom): Uh, leave them
in the family room.
Which one's the family room?
Jess (Mom): Ty, figure it out.
(cell phone ringing)
Jess: Hello?
(Jess chatting distantly)
♪
Yes, of course, I understand.
It's just...
Yeah, no, it's no problem.
I just hope
he feels better soon.
That's all.
Wait.
- (person chatting on phone)
- What?
No.
Yeah, it's, uh,
it's going.
It's just a lot of work.
You know.
Getting unpacked and settled in.
(person chatting on phone)
Yeah, no, it's gonna be great.
For sure.
Okay.
See you tomorrow.
(sighing)
Ugh.
(dog barking)
Owen!
What are you doing?
How'd you even get up there?
- Well, I climbed.
- All right, get down.
Come on.
You're supposed to be helping.
- Dare me to jump?
- Don't be an idiot.
What would you give me if I do?
Nothing because
you'll be dead, dumb ass.
- Now, get down.
- It's only like 10 feet.
Owen, get down right--
No, Owen, get down.
You're gonna get hurt.
(mockingly)
Tyler: Stop it, Owen.
- Right now?
- Tyler: Get down.
- I'm gonna jump.
- Owen--
- Yeah!
- No!
Owen!
Owen?
That was awesome!
(yelling)
- You're an idiot.
Owen!
Are you okay?
Jesus!
Do you realize what
would happen if you got hurt?
- Sorry, Mom.
- Do you?
I'm sorry.
I told you
to look out for him.
- I was!
- I'm sorry.
(panting)
Jesus.
Come on.
Let's go.
God, if you guys are bored,
I've got about a thousand boxes
for you to unpack.
Come on.
Let's go, okay?
And then you guys can explore.
Okay, Superman?
- You're a dumb ass.
- Jesus.
- (blowing raspberries)
Jess: You gotta
look out for him, okay?
- Tyler: Okay, I know.
- Owen: What's goin' on, Pip?
- (dog whining)
- What do you see?
Come on.
That's a good boy.
(flies buzzing)
♪
Jess: I'll shut the shades,
okay?
All right, let's get some rest.
Off or on?
On.
Okay.
- Jess: Open or closed?
- Open.
- Owen: Mom?
- Yeah?
I'm sorry about
jumping into the hay.
Good night.
Sleep tight.
Wake up bright
in the morning light.
Do what's right
with all your might.
(laughing)
You okay?
Need another blanket
or anything?
Do you know
that this was the room
that I slept in whenever I came?
Aunt Silas even let me
pick out the paint color.
How long?
How long what?
Will we be here.
Um...
I guess until
I figure out something else.
At least you got
your own room, right?
Okay, sleep well.
♪
- (dog whining)
- Come on, Pip.
- You ready for bed?
- (dog whining)
- Huh?
All right, suit yourself.
You can finish unpacking.
(dog whining)
♪
Jess: All right, here you go.
Don't forget your bags.
- Owen: Love you, Mom.
- Tyler: Love you!
Have fun.
Pat (Dad): Hey.
How are you, honey?
- Tyler: Good.
- Yeah?
Hey, bud.
Are you good?
- Owen: Yeah.
- Pat (Dad): Yeah?
Owen: Mm-hm.
Yeah, you guys
come say hi to Macy.
Shelly: Hi, guys.
Ah! (laughing)
How are you doing?
♪
(knocking)
- Hi.
- Hey.
So, you're gonna pick 'em up
after dinner, huh?
Yes, thanks for covering for me.
Yeah, not a problem.
So how's the move goin'?
What's this?
My lawyer, he wanted you
to see those before our meeting.
(scoffing)
Candice:
So, how's the new place?
Jess: New?
Gosh, it's been on the market
since my aunt passed.
It's dated to say the least.
Still can't believe
you let him keep the house
after what he did.
You know what?
It wasn't an option.
His parents bought it for us.
Sweetie, you know you could've
just stayed with me.
- I offered.
- I know, and thank you,
but this is just temporary.
You know, I'm gonna find a condo
closer to school in the spring.
- Candice: Smart girl.
- Yeah.
- Jessica?
- Yeah?
Um, Helen Osgood's lab results.
She's in E-3.
Can you take it?
- Please.
- Sure, Estelle.
- Okay.
- (footsteps retreating)
- (whispering) Rookie.
- (laughing)
Good morning, Mrs. Osgood.
Dr. Simmons will be in
in a minute
and I'm just gonna take
a blood sample.
Helen: It's back, isn't it?
They don't bring you in
for good news.
Good news is a phone call.
I'm just gonna take
a blood sample.
- It's--
- Look.
If I've only got
so much time left,
I don't wanna spend another
second of it wondering.
Please.
It's not so good.
Oh, God.
(sighing)
I can't go through it all again.
Not again.
- Tyler: It's true.
- Owen: Is not!
Yeah, Mom's Aunt Silas
told me the story.
You were just too young,
so you don't remember.
There was, like, this tribe
of flying cannibals
who lived out by the lake...
You mean like the ones
from The Wizard of Oz?
No, those were monkeys.
These were something else.
When they flew into town,
they would kidnap people,
mostly little kids,
and eat them!
- Roar!
- (dog barking)
- (laughing) Tyler!
- I scared you.
That's so stupid.
'Cause if it were true,
you'd be the one
who'd be scared, not me.
(laughing)
Why is Mom so worried
about me getting hurt?
'Cause she doesn't wanna
lose us.
Lose us how?
Like die?
No, not die.
Just forget about it,
Owen, okay?
We're almost there.
How many fish
are you gonna catch?
- More than you obviously.
- (laughing)
(dog whining)
This is it?
I guess.
(dog whining)
This is Aunt Silas' lake?
Where's all the water?
- So much for fishing.
- Yeah.
(dog barking and whining)
- What's that?
- What's what?
There.
(dog whining)
(flies buzzing)
Owen, let's go back, please.
- Owen: Pippin!
- (dog barking)
Pippin, wait!
Pippin!
Pippin, no!
Come back!
- (dog whining)
- Pippin!
- Pippin, get out of there!
- (dog barking)
- Pippin!
- Get him, Owen!
Come on!
Get him out!
- Get him out!
- (dog barking)
- Tyler, help.
- Come on, Pippin.
Tyler!
Get him out.
Help.
Tyler, Tyler!
- (both grunting)
- I'm stuck.
- Pull.
- (dog whining)
♪
Let's go.
I mean these don't
even prove anything.
And they're, like--
they're from three years ago.
How could this
possibly matter now?
Jill (Lawyer): You need to tell
me if you think anything else
- is gonna come up.
- No, I've told you everything.
Jill: Okay.
I've been clean
for 15 months, Jill.
Jill: Well, why don't you
drop them off--
Please tell me this isn't gonna
make a difference in my case.
Jill: They generally
favor the mother--
Yes, I know they generally rule
in favor of the mother--
Wait.
Hold on.
I'm gonna have to
call you back.
- (dog barking)
- Hey!
Owen!
I told you not to go back there.
It wasn't my fault.
Pip ran in and I couldn't--
Oh, my God.
I can't deal
with this right now.
Okay, so, off with your clothes,
hose down,
and don't come in the house
until you're clean and dry.
(sighing)
I'll get the hose.
(dog whining)
Hey, it wasn't your fault, Pip.
It wasn't your fault.
♪
He doesn't like olives
in his sauce.
Dad usually takes them out.
(sighing)
All right.
Okay, listen.
Both of you.
I'm not perfect.
Okay, I'm not.
And I know that your dad
has been there for you
a lot more than I have.
But I'm here now.
And I really want us
to be a family, okay,
but we have to be a team.
Especially now.
And I know that this house
is not like our old house.
But I'm excited about getting
to make it a home with you.
♪
I'm not gonna
let you down again.
Uh-uh, not again.
I love you both so much.
(laughing)
But you love me more, right?
(scoffing)
Owen!
How did you know?
(laughing)
- Tyler: Owen!
- Oh, uh-huh.
- Owen, she's lying to you.
- You heard it there, folks.
- (dog barking)
- (all laughing)
- Hey, buddy.
(dog whining and barking)
- What is it, Pip?
- I mean you, like a lot more.
- See somethin'?
- (dog barking)
(dog whining and barking)
- Mom.
- Jess: Yeah?
I think there's
something out there.
Jess: What is it?
(dog barking)
♪
I think it's just a raccoon
or something, honey.
- (dog whining)
- Pippin!
- Jess: Owen!
- (dog barking)
- Pippin, no!
Hey, be careful!
Owen!
♪
- No!
- Jess: Owen!
- (gasping)
Pippin!
Owen: Pippin, here!
Hey, Pippin!
- Pippin!
- Jess: Come on, boy!
Pip!
- Pippin!
- Jess: Pippin!
(sighing)
He'll come back when he's ready.
Why didn't you stop him?
Honey, he was too fast.
- I'm going out there to look.
- Absolutely not.
Mom, it's Pippin!
Yeah, and you can look for
Pippin after school tomorrow.
It'll be too late.
Owen, stop.
Inside now.
♪
You don't care about Pippin
'cause Dad got him for us.
That's why.
♪
Pat's Lawyer: Our concern
is for the children.
At their age, they still need
bonding time with their father.
Jill: Which they have
every other weekend,
but during the school week,
stability is the key.
Pat's Lawyer: I agree.
Patrick has been
the primary caregiver,
providing them
with that stability
for almost three years,
as Mrs. Stokes took care
of her private issues.
Oh, don't go there!
That's totally unnecessary.
- He got them ready for school.
- Mrs. Stokes went to rehab.
He picked them up.
He cooked dinner.
Jill: And she has been
perfectly capable
of taking care
of her children.
She's proven that over and over
again for the last 12 months.
- So, she would be--
- Look, look.
What is Owen's
favorite bedtime story, Jess?
- What is Ty's favorite movie?
- Patrick, please, let me--
No, wait.
What does she like on her eggs?
Gimme a break.
Look, I was there
for this family
when you couldn't
take care of them, Jess,
let alone yourself,
and now you just wanna
end that for me?
Pat's lawyer: Patrick, please.
Four days a month?
Four!?
No, it's not enough.
I deserve more.
- More?!
- Yeah, more.
You want more?!
You got the fucking house
and the nanny!
- You want more.
- Oh, don't bring her into this!
Oh, bullshit!
You brought her into it
when you started fucking her.
- Really?!
- Jill: Jessica.
No, appa-- apparently,
after I was--
I was sleeping away my days
on the couch, right?
- On the couch.
- Yeah.
On the bathroom floor,
in the car,
anywhere you fuckin' wanted,
you slept.
Okay, you know what?
That's enough.
You didn't do anything!
You didn't have
to do a damn thing!
- Fuck you!
- (everyone yelling)
- Jill: No, this is enough!
Jill (on phone): Yeah, yeah,
that was not helpful.
You can't lose your temper,
not with your past.
You need to prove why the kids
belong with you, Jess.
- Thanks.
- Jill: I'll talk to you later.
♪
(breathing deeply)
- He's a yellow lab.
- No, no.
- Nothing?
- I'm sorry.
♪
Jess: Owen?
Tyler?
Hey.
How you doin'?
Why don't you, uh,
grab your coat?
Take a break, you know?
We're all gonna go out
and look for Pippin, okay?
♪
Mom, I tried to stop him.
Jess: Owen, get in the car.
Get in the car!
Look at me.
Do you have any idea how worried
I've been about you, hm?
What the Hell are you thinking
biking all the way out here
and without a helmet, huh?!
Because I love him
and you don't!
All you ever think about
is yourself.
God damn it!
That is not true.
Now I know
why Dad left you.
Get in the fucking car!
You let him go.
You're lucky
you're not grounded.
(dog barking quietly)
He's back!
Guys, he's back!
Guys, Pip's back!
- (dog growling)
- Jess: Owen.
Don't go any closer.
(dog growling)
What's wrong with him?
- Owen.
- (dog growling)
Step back to me, Owen.
Slowly.
- (growling)
- (yelling)
- (Tyler screaming)
- Jess: No, no!
- Owen: Mom!
- Tyler: Get him off!
- Get him off!
- Pippin!
- (fabric ripping)
- (all screaming)
Pippin!
Pippin, no!
- (all screaming)
- (dog growling)
- (Owen yelling)
(panting) Get off!
Get off!
- (growling and barking)
- (crying) Mom!
- (Owen screaming)
- (flesh squelching)
- (dog growling)
- (dog whining)
- (grunting)
- (flesh squishing)
- (crying)
- (bone cracking)
- (dog whining loudly)
- (Jess grunting)
- (Owen panting and grunting)
- Get help!
- (crying)
- Oh, my God!
- (panting)
- Oh, my God, oh, my God!
Honey, go get help!
Call 9-1-1, right now.
Owen: Mom!
It's okay.
(screaming and panting)
♪
Paramedic:
We found him unresponsive.
Nurse: How's his breathing?
Paramedic:
Very minimal air entry.
♪
Hey, can you grab her?
Can you take her?
Yes, of course.
Come here, sweetie.
♪
It's okay.
Doctor: On my count.
One, two, three.
Jess: His carotid's been bitten
in his left leg.
(staff talking quickly)
Jessica.
Wait, the dog got
his brachial... his left leg.
Okay, okay,
we got it from here.
Go get yourself
cleaned up, okay?
Give me his vitals.
Nurse two:
We have blood pressure
60 over 30, tachycardic.
Right, let's take a look.
Okay, give me one unit
of emergency blood.
Run it wide open.
Can we get this cleaned up,
please?
Nurse: Let's go.
Clean it up.
Dr. Avery: Uh, cross and match
for four units.
(machines beeping)
♪
- (Owen screaming)
- (dog growling)
(hyperventilating)
- (Owen screaming)
- (dog growling)
(hyperventilating)
♪
Jess: Thank you.
Hey.
He's gonna be okay.
Okay?
All right?
There is a great team
of doctors looking after him.
- There was so much blood, Mom.
- I know.
I know, honey.
That's normal
for an animal bite, okay?
Patrick:
Where is he?
- (machines quietly beeping)
- Jess: He's sedated right now.
I'll move him
to a private room later.
I don't understand why you would
even let him near that dog
if he was acting aggressive.
That dog?
Patrick, it's Pippin!
That's the dog
you bought for them.
All right,
when in a million years
would you think Pippin
would do something like this?
I mean, the dog went crazy.
It wasn't Pippin.
Patrick:
I told you.
I told you moving way the Hell
out there was a bad idea.
Oh, don't you even try
to blame me!
You were perfectly fine
where you were.
- No, we weren't!
- Now you got them out there
- in the middle of nowhere?
- Jess: No!
Like you gave us a chance.
Patrick: You were out there
less than a week and a half
and this happens.
Were you sleeping
on the fuckin' couch?
Hey, come keep me company
over here.
(machine quietly beeping)
Patrick:
It's on you, Jess.
This is on you.
♪
(machine quietly beeping)
(machine beeping quietly)
Baby.
Honey!
Patrick:
(groaning) Hey.
We're right here, sweetheart.
Hey.
How are you feelin'?
- Hungry.
- (parents sighing happily)
Yeah, much better now.
Yeah, we're very lucky.
- Really?
- Okay.
- Eat up.
- Smells weird.
All right, well,
just do the best you can.
- Patrick: You're the best.
- Jess: 'Attaboy.
- (knocking)
- I'm sorry.
Um, Mrs. Osgood is back.
She specifically
requested to see you,
but I can handle it if...
Um, okay, I guess I can
take a little break.
He's doing so much better, so...
Nurse: I'm so glad.
Mrs. Osgood,
nice to see you again.
- Helen.
It looks like
Dr. Simmons is gonna go over
your treatment plan,
but in the meantime,
I am going to take your vitals
if that's okay with you.
How are you feelin' today?
Are you married?
Uh...
No.
Was, yeah.
But, uh...
- No.
- Kids?
A boy and a girl.
That's wonderful.
I-I-I don't have any children.
When I got the news
the other day,
"six months to a year,"
I came home.
I stared at the phone.
Didn't have anyone to call.
Sorry.
I've... I've heard
about some doctors,
nurses,
who will help people,
at the end, you know?
They-- they--
they-- they help them.
Instead of the treatment,
I mean.
Mrs. Osgood--
Helen, that's not exactly
what we do here.
But, but, you could, right?
I mean,
no one would need to know.
Helen,
I know what it's like.
To feel hopeless.
I... I've been there.
And it's hard.
What's that expression?
"It's always darkest
before the dawn."
It really is.
Look.
We have plenty of doctors here
that can better
discuss this with you.
I'd be happy to arrange
a consult for you.
Nurse (on P.A.):
Code blue, code blue.
- Room 5-2-0.
- (P.A. beeping)
I'll be right back.
(alarm beeping loudly)
(gasping)
(staff talking quickly)
Jess, Jess, Jess!
We got him.
Give me something
to clean him up.
(Owen choking)
45 milligrams
of Ativan IM, stat.
We need to clear an airway.
Patrick:
I don't know what happened.
I went to the bathroom
and he just...
What's wrong with him?
Dr. Forsythe:
Rolling.
(staff talking quickly)
Dr. Forsythe:
Get ready to intubate.
(machines beeping loudly)
(footsteps approaching)
Dr. Forsythe: Hi, folks.
I'm Dr. Forsythe.
So, first of all,
Owen is doing much better.
Okay, his fever is down,
and we are gonna
keep him intubated
until he's more stable.
He's getting blood transfusions.
Those appear to be working.
We're covering
all the bases.
Is it an infection, Don?
We just don't know yet.
Dr. Avery was running the labs.
Did she tell you
that the rabies tests
are all coming back negative?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Good.
So at this point,
we suspect we're dealing with
some type of anemia.
How can a dog bite cause that?
There are rare viral
and bacterial conditions.
It's possible that he could've
contracted one from your dog.
Is he gonna die?
- What? No!
- Patrick: Honey, no.
Shelly:
No, no. Of course not.
Patrick:
Don't worry about that.
- O's gonna be fine.
- Patrick: Don't worry.
Jesus.
(machine beeping quietly)
Tyler:
What does that machine do?
It's helping him breathe,
sweetie.
Mm, something got inside of him,
a virus maybe.
(inhaling deeply)
His body's working really hard
to fight it off.
(sighing)
You know, he was so tiny
when he was born.
Came a month early.
All I could do
was imagine the worst.
I'd never been
more scared in my life.
(machines beeping quietly)
Jess: But, he was fine.
Tyler: You can fix him though.
- Right, Mom?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
He'll pull through again.
(phone ringing)
Jess: Yeah.
No, nothing's changed.
Yeah, well,
he's still unconscious.
Patrick:
Still? Are you serious?
Yeah, his stats
are getting worse.
(machines beeping,
lung machine pumping)
I don't know.
You heard Avery.
All the tests
came back negative.
(machine beeping quickly)
♪
Of course I am.
Patrick: Okay, we'll come by
around 7:30, okay?
- How's Tyler doing?
- Patrick: She's sleeping.
- (breathing heavily)
- (monitor beeping rapidly)
I mean, I hope Shelly doesn't
say anything either, okay?
Patrick:
Why would she do that, Jessica?
Where are you now?
Are you monitoring him?
Yeah, of course,
I'm monitoring him.
- (machines beeping loudly)
- (alarm sounding)
I'll call you back.
- (machines beeping loudly)
- (alarm sounding)
Owen?
(slurping)
What are you--
Owen!
What are you doing?
Gimme that!
What are you...
(gasping)
Get in the bed.
(machines beeping slowly)
What are you doing?
Dr. Mansfeld:
What's going on?
Um, ah, he just woke up.
He took his breathing tube out.
- He extubated himself?
- Yes.
(machines beeping slowly)
His breathing seems better.
Okay, let's not re-intubate.
How much propofol
is he getting?
Jess:
Um, three milligrams an hour.
Guess you really
wanted out of this bed.
Let's see
how you're doin', buddy.
Squeeze my hands.
(machines beeping slowly)
His vitals are looking better.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, welcome back.
Okay.
Ready to eat?
I don't want that.
Jess: Come on.
I had them make this
especially for you.
I don't want it.
Well, you gotta eat something,
all right?
Okay, so, what do you want?
Anything at all.
I want more.
♪
No.
- Mom, please.
- Honey, stop.
You didn't know
what you were doing.
You were delirious, honey.
- Mom, I need it.
- Stop.
Patrick: Hey, hey!
Wow, look at you.
- How you feelin', bud?
- Good!
Yeah, you look good.
You gave us such a scare.
All of us, right, Mom?
- Mm.
- Yeah.
Oh, look.
I got this for you.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
It was either that
or a pink flamingo.
(laughing)
Hey, Jess.
I thought you said he was...
What happened?
- He's rebounding.
- Did he eat?
- Yep.
- Yeah?
I'm so proud of you, bud.
What'd you have for dinner?
(both laughing)
Dr. Avery: Cell count is way up,
vitals getting back online.
Our best guess is the anemia
was caused by a virus
and his body was able
to wipe it out.
That's great news.
How long do you think
he'll be in here?
Oh, we'd like to keep him
at least through to
the end of the week,
make sure the improvements hold.
Really is an amazing recovery.
He's quite the fighter.
Patrick:
Yeah, he is.
Like father, like son.
(Shelly laughing)
(kids laughing)
♪
Good night.
Sleep tight.
Wake up bright
in the morning light.
(breathing quickly)
- (machine beeping slowly)
- (breathing quickly)
(alarm sounding)
(breathing quickly)
- (alarm sounding)
- (breathing quickly)
His blood pressure's dropping.
Katherine:
BP 80 over 30.
He's tachying,
respiration's over a hundred.
Sat levels are getting low.
Apply O2.
- (breathing heavily)
- Doctor: He's pale and clammy.
(Owen breathing heavily)
Doctor: Start a saline bolus,
150 CC's.
Infuse it over...
half an hour.
(Owen breathing heavily)
Doctor: What the hell happened?
I don't like these stats.
I hope he's not relapsing.
♪
(inhaling deeply)
Okay, I can take it
from here.
- Nurse: Sure, Jess.
- Thank you.
♪
(machine beeping quickly)
(breathing quickly)
(breathing heavily)
(machine beeping slowly)
(gulping)
♪
Dr. Avery:
You're absolutely sure?
Yes, Liz, I have training
in hospice care.
I can monitor him at home
just as easy as we can here.
Here's your favorite soda.
Jess:
And you said yourself,
the dip in his vitals last night
was probably the end of it.
♪
Jess: Look,
he needs his own bed, right?
His family, his sister.
You understand.
Dr. Avery: Okay, take the rest
of the week off then.
- Let us know how we can help.
- Jess: Thank you.
Tyler: Mom, pasta's done!
Mom!
Pasta's done!
- (Owen gulping)
- Did you strain it?
- Tyler: Yeah.
- All right, you get started.
(Owen gulping)
(floorboards creaking)
Jess:
Go and eat, Ty!
You almost done?
(gulping)
Hey.
That's enough.
Come on.
Hey, hey.
Hey!
All right,
we gotta save it, okay?
Gotta make it last, right?
What if we run out?
We won't.
Okay?
It's temporary, all right?
It's gonna stop.
What if it doesn't?
It will.
Would I have to go back
to the hospital?
No, no, no, no,
we're not gonna do that.
We're not gonna risk that, okay?
- But--
- Hey.
We can't tell
anybody about this, all right?
Not your dad, not even Ty, okay?
If anybody found out,
they'd take you away.
Maybe forever.
Do you know what that means?
All right, look at me.
We know what works.
Don't we?
Okay, I just gotta keep you
healthy until I figure out
how to beat this, okay?
- Mom?
- Yeah?
Pippin's dead, isn't he?
Yeah.
♪
Dr. Gupta (web call): I looked
through the blood lab results
you sent us, Mrs. Stokes.
Honestly, it all seems
consistent with acute anemia.
Jess (web call): But is there
a way to tell the cause?
Dr. Gupta (web call): I'm sorry.
Not from what you sent.
Jess: Eat up, buddy.
I'm gonna make some eggs too.
Jess (web call):
Okay, let me ask you,
has there ever been a case
that only responded
to alternative means
of transfusions?
What's in that?
Dr. Gupta (web call): Such as?
Oral, for example?
I've heard of cases
like that, sure.
With psych patients...
with schizophrenics
who think that drinking blood
would make them live forever,
or members of a demonic cult
who have bizarre rituals.
Jess (web call): Forget it.
I just thought I'd ask.
Mr. Gupta (web call):
You know, Mrs. Stokes,
with the kind of emotional
trauma your son's been through,
it might be good to talk
to someone, both of you.
I could arrange a consult
right here in Des Moines.
That won't be necessary,
but thank you.
-Mr. Gupta (web call): You sure?
-Yeah, I'm... I'm sure.
I appreciate your help.
Thank you, doctor.
Mr. Gupta (web call): All right.
(Owen gulping)
Owen!
Oh, my God!
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Oh, my God.
This is barely enough
for tomorrow.
Sorry.
♪
(buzzing in error)
- Hey, Jess!
- Hey.
I thought you took
the week off.
Uh, yeah, I did.
I just, um, I just came back
to get some bandages for Owen,
but, you know, my card
doesn't seem to be working.
- Do you mind swiping me in?
- Oh, shit.
You have to go through
Avery now.
They think that someone's
been stealing plasma,
so she put in
this new protocol.
Pain in the ass.
Let me page her for you.
Uh, no, don't...
don't worry about that.
I'll just hit up Walgreens.
Oh, hey!
How's Owen doing?
- Yeah, much better.
- Oh, good.
♪
- Hi, can I help you?
- Uh, yes.
I'm... I'm looking
for a pet for my son.
Sure.
Mice make good pets for kids.
Do you have
anything bigger?
♪
(blood squirting
and splashing)
Hunter on YouTube:
Now, I'm gonna show you
how to bleed out your deer...
- (door opening)
- Hey.
- Hi.
- How was your day?
It was okay.
Hunter on YouTube:
In the lower neck here,
you can feel two bones
like a V...
(breathing raspily)
(fly buzzing)
Is he sick again?
No, he's... he's just tired.
Did you have
a good day at school?
Tyler:
It was okay.
What's for dinner?
Hm?
Dinner?
Um, leftovers.
♪
Good?
You like it?
Okay.
- Yeah.
- We'll get some more.
- I'll be right back.
♪
(thudding)
Owen?
(gasping)
♪
(choking)
- (knife slicing)
- (groaning)
- (Owen choking)
- (panting)
(whispering) Oh, my god.
Honey.
(grunting)
(slurping)
♪
(wincing)
- Tyler: All right, um, F-4.
- Owen: That's a miss.
(laughing) Yeah!
All right, um,
H-7.
Tyler: You sunk my boat!
Owen: Yes!
Tyler: All right, your turn.
- Owen: C-7.
- Tyler: That's a miss.
- Okay, you're so cheating.
- Tyler: I'm not cheating.
Owen: Yes, you are!
Tyler: If I'm cheating,
I wouldn't let you win.
Owen: Well, you're not.
I only got one.
You're so cheating.
Hey, Mom.
Do you wanna play
winner with us?
Uh, no, I'm...
I'm gonna go to bed.
It's late.
Wash up in 30.
Hit the hay, okay?
It's a school night.
Mom, it's like 7:00.
(both laughing)
♪
(knocking)
Patrick:
Hey!
- Really, Patrick?
- What?
What are you doing here?
What are you
talking about, Jess?
There's a schedule for a reason.
Yeah.
The kids need some consistency
and some routine...
- Yeah, it's Saturday, Jess.
- ..around here.
Jess, it's Saturday.
It's my day.
You're working today.
We talked about this last night.
Jesus Christ.
What did you do to your arm?
- Owen: Hey, Dad!
- Patrick: Hey, bud.
Hey, look at you.
Wow, you look great!
Go get your sister, all right?
Let's go.
- Where are we going?
- We're gonna go bowling.
- (sighing)
- Aw, come on.
You'll love it.
Got get your sister.
- Let's go.
- Can we go to the movies?
- Nope.
- Um...
- Owen: Ty, Dad's here.
- Patrick: What did you--
- I'll be a minute.
- Jess.
♪
You gonna get
a strike this time?
Yeah, Dad.
I think you're going down.
Okay, your bottle's inside.
Huh?
You understand?
Yep.
Come here.
- Mom.
- Mm-hm?
- It'll be okay.
- Patrick: Come on!
- Let's go, buddy.
- It's gonna be fine, okay?
Go.
(engine revving)
♪
(breathing raspily)
(wasp buzzing)
(thudding)
♪
(muffled people speaking)
- (phone ringing slowly)
- (Candice's speaking muffled)
Candice: We got incoming.
Code blue, O-D.
Paramedic:
54-year-old female,
neighbor
found her unresponsive,
pills everywhere,
benzos, opiates, and booze.
Dr. Forsythe: Ma'am,
can you hear me right now?
- Ma'am?
- (Helen mumbling)
Dr. Forsythe:
Can we get a BP, please?
Die.
Dr. Forsythe: What's she saying?
Let me die.
I wanna die, now.
She wants to die.
Dr. Forsythe:
That's pretty clear.
Get an amp of Narcan
and 30 CC's of Flumazenil.
(groaning)
I wanna die.
(machine beeping)
- Katherine.
- Hey, Jess.
Hey, David.
How are you doing today?
♪
Dr. Mansfeld:
Which bed is Helen Osgood in?
Katherine: Bed 24.
All right, she's all secured.
Dr. Mansfeld: Thank you.
♪
(blood splashing)
Jess:
How'd it go with Dad today?
Owen: I almost ran out.
Jess: Gotta pace yourself.
Gotta pace yourself.
(echoing)
♪
Tyler: Mom!
Mom!
♪
Mom, there's a fire!
(fire alarm sounding)
- Mom!
- (fire alarm sounding)
- (panting) Oh, my God.
- (panting)
Oh, baby.
(panting)
(fire alarm beeping)
♪
Dr. Avery: Hi, Jessica.
Glad to see you back.
- How's Owen?
- Good, complete recovery.
- Oh, that's wonderful.
- Mm-hm.
I called you yesterday,
but I didn't hear back.
The labs on the dog's
tissue sample came in.
They didn't indicate any kind
of known viral infection.
It's very strange.
Hm.
Well, he's, uh, fine now.
Hm, still, at some point,
if you don't mind,
I'd like to do another
blood analysis.
- Sure.
- Maybe bring him in next week?
- Great.
- Moving someone?
Uh, yes.
You know we have
orderlies for that, right?
♪
- Hey.
- Candice: Hi!
Was Helen Osgood released?
Um, yeah, about 10 minutes ago.
I...
Nice to see you going home.
Oh.
Hey, look.
I'd be happy to drive you
somewhere if you'd like.
Oh, no.
Thank you.
The bus is coming soon.
Oh, really, it's no trouble.
My car is right over there.
No lectures.
I just thought
you'd like the company.
♪
It's always darkest
before the dawn.
You said that to me,
didn't you?
- Mm-hm.
- (laughing)
This morning when I woke up,
someone had left a bouquet
of lovely white carnations
by my bed.
- Probably one of you nurses.
- (laughing)
Hm, I don't know.
But for some reason,
it just filled me
with such immense...
...joy.
I haven't felt that in,
well...
oof, a long time.
Hm.
And it made me reflect
on what you said.
There is a way
that you can love your life--
You hear that?
Hear what?
There's something
rattling around in the back.
Must be one of the kid's
soccer balls.
I'm gonna pull over.
♪
I'm sorry.
I'll just be a second.
♪
Wow.
It's such a mess.
♪
Two kids.
Okay, got it.
♪
(Helen mumbling)
Shh, shh, shh.
- Shh!
- (Helen grunting)
Shh.
Don't talk, okay?
Just listen.
- (muffled talking)
- Hey.
You deserve to know
what's going on, all right?
And I'm gonna do my best
to tell you, okay?
- Can you be quiet?
- (muffled talking)
Okay, okay.
Don't say a word.
- What is this?
- Shh, stop!
Don't make this harder
than it already is, okay?
All right,
if you can't keep quiet,
I'll have to put
the gag back in.
Do you understand?
- Yeah?
- (whimpering)
Okay.
My son is...
He's very sick.
And I don't know
what's wrong with him.
how to make him better.
But I know how
to keep him alive.
But to do that,
I need your help.
- I...
- You don't have kids.
You're not a mother.
You don't understand
that you would do anything.
Anything to save your child.
What?
No.
Thank you.
No!
No.
Please.
Please, no!
(muffled screaming)
I'm sorry.
- Sorry.
- (muffled crying)
- Shh.
- (muffled sobbing)
Owen: Yes, yes!
No, I'm crashing.
No, no, turn the corners
right here.
- I don't have any nitrogen.
- Jess: Oh, shoot.
You've wasted it all.
Come on.
Jess: All right,
hold on, hold on.
You got Mom playing video games?
Yeah, she's so bad.
Jess: Oh!
- Oh, shoot!
- Yes!
(both laughing)
-Video game: Care to race again?
-You're so bad.
(sighing) You take over.
I'm gonna do some cleaning up.
Mom, Ms. Nelson
asked about Owen today.
- Ms. Nelson?
- His homeroom teacher.
She wanted to know
when he's coming back to school.
She said she tried
calling you.
Mm, not quite yet.
(scoffing)
Mom, that's no fair.
I'd have to be dying
before you let me stay home.
Well, I like him more.
(laughing)
- Dinner in 15, okay?
- Owen: Wanna play?
♪
Jess: I got you some water.
You like pizza?
You have to eat.
I need to use the bathroom.
♪
You're a monster.
A monster.
A monster!
Ah!
No, no!
(muffled yelling)
(whimpering)
♪
(screaming)
God!
- (panting)
- What's down there?
(panting) God.
Nothing.
I was just cleaning.
Then why is there
a lock on the door?
Owen, I don't want him
going down there and getting...
..in trouble, so...
(panting)
(floorboards creaking)
Hey.
What are you doing up?
I can't sleep.
Are you hungry?
- (sighing)
- Mom?
Yeah?
I like it when it's warm.
♪
Jess: It's just a sedative,
like I gave you at the hospital.
- (breathing shallowly)
- Jess: It'll help you relax.
♪
(mumbling)
(muffled yelling)
(gasping)
Help me.
- Help me.
- Who are you?
- Needle.
- What?
(Helen stammering)
Needle pull... out.
Needle.
(breathing raspily)
(door creaking open)
♪
Jess:
I brought you some oatmeal.
You need the carbs.
How did
that gag come off?
Tyler?
Honey?
Whatever you think it's...
it's not
what it looks like.
Honey, it's for Owen.
Why don't you come out
and I'll explain it.
- Tyler: No! No!
- Honey!
- (Tyler screaming) No!
- Honey.
Tyler: Get off of me!
Let me go! Let me go!
(sobbing)
- Jess: Shh... Let me explain.
- Let me go.
Jess:
Let me explain. Okay?
(clock ticking)
Is it like a disease?
Jess:
I don't know.
All I know is it's the only
thing that's making him better.
Mom, he needs to be at a
hospital.
No.
They will not give him
what he needs.
Alright?
They won't understand.
This is an insane
treatment, honey.
But we can help him, alright?
You and me, sweetie.
What about that lady?
You can't leave her locked up
down there!
I know, I know, I know. I know.
Mom, that's not right.
She's dying.
She doesn't have
any family.
So, we're going
to help her.
And we're gonna make it peaceful
for her, okay?
And in the meantime,
she can save
your brother, okay?
Okay?
Honey, she can save him.
(sniffling)
She can save him!
Baby, she can save him!
Owen:
Please try.
I don't wanna die.
♪
What's it taste like?
Like metal.
Like sucking on a penny.
You've done that?
Yeah. Josh Kirby dared me
to do it.
- That's gross.
- Yeah.
Ty?
Yeah?
What's happening to me?
Nothing. It's temporary just
like Mom said.
Owen:
I look different.
Tyler: Yeah, but only when
you're hungry, right?
I feel different.
It'll be alright, O.
We're gonna figure this out.
You're gonna get better.
(horn honking)
Tyler:
Mom, he's here.
Come on, let's try and have some
fun with Dad today. Okay?
(footsteps approaching)
(tires crunching on gravel)
♪
- Hey, look at me.
- Owen: Hey, Dad...
Keep an eye on him, okay?
That's your job. Okay?
- (Patrick speaking distantly)
- Owen: Alright.
♪
(geese honking)
You want the ball, Macy?
What?
Oh, you want that.
Patrick: Don't--
don't let him get off.
You gotta keep reeling.
Keep reeling!
- (reel clicks)
- Keep reeling! Good job!
Bring him here.
(laughing)
Hey look!
- Shelly: You got him!
- Patrick: You got him!
- Good job, O.
- Patrick: Good job.
- Oh, nice job, Owen.
- Owen: Yeah!
- Patrick: Good job.
We've got lunch.
- Go grab that bucket, alright?
- Okay.
Ah, shit! Ow.
What did you do?
Shelly: Uh, I just stabbed
myself with a hook.
- Ow!
- Patrick: It's not so bad.
- Shelly: Yeah, says you.
- Patrick: O, will you run
and grab the medical kit
from my truck?
♪
(voices distorting,
heartbeat racing)
♪
(breathing deeply)
Patrick (voice distorted):
Owen?
(voice clear) Buddy.
My truck, the med kit...
Yeah.
...can you hurry up and grab
that before clumsy bleeds out.
Shelly: Hey!
(chuckling)
Can't take the city out of this
girl, can you Ty?
(Macy chattering)
(clattering)
Jess: I lowered
the sedative for you.
You feel better?
I'm going to make it really
comfortable...
...really do my best.
I understand
why you're doing this.
I never could have kids...
...but I wished for it.
To have someone to give
that love to.
So...
I understand.
Maybe, um...
Maybe you haven't always been
the best mom--
Let's get you settled in.
No one can accuse you
of that now.
- (snipping)
- I see the love.
And I feel it.
But you don't have to do it
like this.
I'll help you.
I'll stay.
(exhales)
(sighs)
♪
Ah!
(groaning)
(grunting)
(thudding)
(Jess gasping)
Oh!
(groaning)
(thudding outside)
(indistinct voices)
(gasping)
(police radios chattering)
Patrick: So, how's your mom
seemed to you lately?
(reel whirring)
Tyler: Good... I guess.
You guess.
She's been a little
absent-minded lately.
What do you mean?
Well she--
she almost burned down the house
the other night.
What?
Dad, it was no big deal. She
just left the pan on the burner.
(exhales exasperated)
Dad, I just think
she's really tired
with all the stress
over Owen.
Well, he seems fine now.
(Macy chattering
in background)
Yeah.
(door opening)
Officer:
Jessica Stokes?
Uh, yes.
Sorry to bother you,
your name came up
in a missing persons case
we're investigating.
Uh, oh my God.
Officer:
Just a couple quick questions.
Of course.
How can I help?
Helen Osgood,
do you know her?
I do. She's a patient at
the hospital where I work.
(police radio chattering)
Co-worker of yours,
Miss...
Candice Reese?
She said that she say
you asking questions
about Miss Osgood
just after she was released.
She's missing?
Ma'am, we have security
camera footage from
the hospital parking lot
showing Miss Osgood
getting into your car.
I did. I gave her a ride as
a favor. I uh...
(Helen groaning)
(muffled conversation
upstairs)
(Helen whimpers)
Officer: How well did you know
Miss Osgood?
Jess: Uh, she had been...
Helen (muffled): Help.
Help! Help--
...thyroid cancer,
it was... terminal.
Um...
The last time she came in,
she tried to, um...
I'm sure Candice told you.
Officer: Yes.
(muffled scream)
(conversation continuing
upstairs indistinctly)
(groaning)
My God.
Do you think that maybe she
found somewhere more private
to try a second time?
Officer: Well, we've been having
a tough time tracking down
any relatives...
(grunting)
She said
she didn't have any.
Officer:
Right.
Well, thank you
for your time.
(gasping)
Help!
♪
Helen (distantly):
Help me!
Thank you.
Helen (distantly):
Help me!
Help!
♪
Drink it.
It's not warm enough.
I don't care.
Drink it.
- No!
- Drink it!
♪
(muffled groaning)
(clattering)
(ominous music playing)
Jess:
How did it go?
He's changing, mom.
He's not acting normal anymore.
Did your dad notice?
What? No.
But he's getting worse.
It's not enough, mom.
He needs more.
Well, then we'll get him more.
♪
(muffled grunting)
(straining)
(grunting)
(metal clanging)
(groaning)
(pained moaning)
(breathing heavily)
(grunting)
(panting)
♪
(doorknob rattling)
(thudding)
(grunting, banging)
(grunting forcefully)
(breathing heavily)
♪
(lock unlatching)
(door creaking open)
(door slamming shut)
All right.
- Mom?
- What?
Go upstairs and make sure
she's not inside.
♪
(panting, bushes rustling)
(fence rattling)
(groaning)
(blood squelching)
(gurgling)
♪
(panting)
Owen?
(ominous music playing)
(hissing)
♪
- (door slamming shut)
- Mom?
Mom, she's not upstairs.
Did you find her?
What?
What happened?
♪
(door creaking open)
(shovel clanging)
♪
(thunder crashing)
(floorboards creaking)
(hoarse breathing)
(lamp clicking)
♪
(bird squawking)
(floorboards creaking softly)
Owen:
I'm hungry.
(birds squawking)
(squawking continues)
♪
(Owen breathing heavily)
(blood squelching)
(hoarse breathing)
♪
(faint eerie whispering)
(ticking)
(banging at door)
(labored breathing)
Mrs. Stokes?
My name is Regina White. I'm
from Child Protective Services.
What is this about?
It's come to our attention that
your son, Owen,
hasn't been to school since
September 15th.
We tried calling you
a bunch of times,
- and couldn't get an answer.
- What did you do?
What did I do?
- Are your kids home?
- Uh, yeah, no, um...
My daughter is at school and my
son is upstairs asleep.
He's sick.
No, you can't come in--
He's-- He's sick!
Really, 'cause every time
I see him he looks fine
and you look sick.
Why are you doing this?
Where is Tyler?
At school!
No. I called this morning.
She's not at school.
- Of course she is!
- I called Dr. Avery.
She said you won't
return any of her calls
and that you told her
Owen was much better.
He was, but--
Was!?
Jess, "was?" Then why isn't
he back in the hospital?
Honey.
At school, huh?
Where've you been, Ty?
What's going on?
Look, you're both going to come
with me for a few days, okay?
I want you to go upstairs
and get some clothes
and clean up at home, okay?
- Come here. Honey.
- Let's go.
- Come here. Come here, honey.
Mom.
No, no, no. No talk. Go.
Honey, come here.
I'm going to help her.
Ma'am, I need you to stay here.
No, I want her to. Please.
Regina: Just down here, Owen.
I'm going to talk to
your dad for a second, okay?
Come here. Come here.
Okay. Don't worry, okay?
I'll figure it out, alright?
Just go with your dad.
What about Owen?
This is all I have.
Mom, that's not enough.
I'll get more.
Mom, it's not helping him.
He's not getting better.
He's getting worse.
Regina: Mrs. Stokes, it's time.
Mom?
Mom, you need to listen to me.
There's something at the lake.
What?
Out at the lake,
that's where I was.
I saw it,
there's something there.
What are you talking about?
There's something wrong
with that tree, Mom.
It got inside Pippin
and it changed him,
and now it's inside Owen
and it's changing him, too!
Tie, I don't know what
you're talking about, honey.
Mom, we have to help him!
Honey, we are helping him!
We are helping him.
Let's go.
(crying)
♪
Patrick:
Hey, listen up, guys.
I know this is...
sudden and scary.
I want you to understand
why this is happening now.
You know, your mom,
she didn't give me a choice,
and, don't get me wrong,
she's a great person.
She loves you. She loves you
both more than anything...
(voice fading)
It hasn't always
been so easy for her.
You know she's out there,
she's...
Hi.
Come on in.
Hey, guys.
Hey, Tyler, come here.
Thanks for coming.
We have to talk to
Regina for a little bit.
So, why don't you guys go
upstairs until we're done, okay?
Alright, get cleaned up.
We'll have some lunch in a bit.
Come on in here.
Something to drink?
Try to be a little bit quiet,
guys, okay?
Macy's taking her nap.
So, Regina, we just wanted to
talk about where to go from...
♪
(eerie whispering)
(insects buzzing)
♪
Patrick: You saw her yourself.
She looks awful.
I think she's using again.
And, you know, I wanna make sure
we handle this the right way.
I have to
do what's best for them.
I mean, you saw, you saw...
It's a mess.
And Owen, he's not himself.
I mean, he's losing his spirit.
He's-- He's different.
(mobile playing song)
Patrick (voice distorting):
He's a sensitive kid.
He takes this stuff on...
♪
(crib mobile playing)
Owen! Don't!
What were you doing?!
You have
to control it, Owen.
I can't.
I can't, Ty.
(Patrick speaking indistinctly)
Let's go.
Where are we go?
(shushing)
Patrick: They need to live here
and we need your help.
Please, what are our next steps?
What do we do?
Regina: What's best is
that we assess the situation
over the next few days.
The most important thing
is that the kids are safe.
♪
It's just up ahead.
Hold tight.
♪
Tyler?!
Owen!
Where are the kids, Jess?
What?
I came to get the kids.
You already fucking took them.
They took Shelly's bike.
They came here, didn't they?
No.
What, are you
hiding them from me now?
No!
Tyler! Owen!
Wait, they're not here.
Yeah, why would
I believe you now?
You've been lying
to me for weeks.
Jesus Christ, is swear to God,
Patrick, they're not here!
Bullshit!
Where else would they go, Jess?
Where?!
♪
Tyler!
Owen!
♪
Why don't you just
tell me where they are, Je--
♪
Almost there.
You know where
I'm taking you, right?
Gonna burn that tree down.
Someone tried to before.
It's the only thing
that'll fix you, Owen.
I'm going to kill
whatever's in there.
Whatever it is that's
doing this to you.
Then you'll be better.
Owen?
(crow cawing)
♪
(gasping)
Owen.
Try to control it. You have to.
Please, Owen.
We have to fix you.
(screaming)
No! No!
No! Owen!
Owen! Stop it!
(growling)
(snarling)
(grunting)
(screaming)
- (snarling)
- (grunting)
(panting)
(growling)
(Tyler screaming)
(screaming indistinctly)
No! No!
(growling)
(screaming)
(snarling)
(both grunting)
- (snarling)
- (screaming)
(roaring)
(grunting)
(snarling)
Owen, no!
(screaming)
Get off of her!
(grunting)
Mom! Mom!
- (crying)
- Honey. Honey.
(growling)
Owen, stop it!
- (snarling)
- Calm down!
Mom, it's got Owen!
Calm down!
(snarling)
Calm down.
Mom, that's not Owen!
That's not him!
(growling)
Please calm down.
(snarling)
(crying)
That's not...
It's not Owen, Mom.
(growling, snarling)
That's not my brother!
Tyler, turn around.
Mom.
(crying)
Do it.
(panting)
What do I do?
(crying)
What do we do?
Owen: Night.
Sleep tight.
Wake up bright
in the morning light.
Do what's right
with all your might!
(screaming)
(gasping)
(grunting)
(screaming)
♪
(Tyler crying)
(Tyler sobbing)
Hey.
We can never tell anybody
about what really happened.
No one.
Okay.
- Okay.
- (Jess shushing)
(sobbing)
Tyler: I'm sorry, Mom. I tried.
♪
Priest: ...but the things
that are unseen...
Woman: Since the death
was ruled an accident,
the DA is not pursuing any kind
of criminal investigation, Jess,
but your ex-husband
is moving forward
with the negligence claim.
They're basing
their case on two factors.
One, you let the children
play unsupervised
near a known
water hazard,
and two,
Owen's autopsy.
It showed he had
an unusual deficiency of
calcium and vitamin C and D.
They're saying
you may suffer from
Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy.
That's when a parent
purposely keeps a child sick--
I know what that is.
Can you just tell me when
I can see my daughter, please?
The judge is giving your
ex-husband sole legal custody.
But they'll review it
in six months.
So, Jess, if you can
put yourself together,
maybe seek counselling,
there's a fair chance
they'll modify the ruling.
Everything's good
with your dad?
School okay?
I know this is hard
for you, Ty.
And it's my fault,
all of it.
I am trying to find
a way to live with that.
Woman:
That's time.
♪
Tyler (whispering):
You did the right thing.
♪
(rain pattering)
(thunder rolling)
♪
(wood creaking, squeaking)
(dog panting)
You okay? Huh?
(panting)
Come here.
Good boy.
Go get it!
(insect buzzing)
Jericho.
(whining)
(heartbeat thudding)
♪